# What Happens When A Queer Christian Remixes Anike's 'Send That’?

Hello world!

Well, it has been some time since I’ve been hot off the press with a lot of content! But like I said, I’ve been in the phase of operationalizing the business, and it’s been great! I’ve been harder on myself than I need to be about the pace of my content cycles, but I have to say, I’m excited to be sharing with you now!

So, why now? Well, I stumbled across Anike’s Send That Open Verse Remix Challenge! There are a couple different contributing factors that led this moment to excite me, and I’d like to share a bit of the story explaining them!

If it wasn’t clear by now, I love music, and I love listening to Christian artists in particular! My connection to music has been strong ever since I was a child. The way it helps me to feel highly specific feelings and deep connections to specific moments has been transformative in my life.

It was, in part, these feelings that led me to have the drive and joy to play in church worship bands throughout the years, and I played guitar and sang in church bands on and off about half the time over a 15 year period. I’d like to think maybe one day I’ll be doing that again. I mention my history with music intentionally. As a musician of over 20 years, it deeply troubles me when people look at AI-generated music as somehow less valuable or artistic than traditionally-generated music. The main difference I see is in the ownership of the artistic elements and in the ownership of the specific media in question.

So, for me, AI isn’t a creativity killer, but a creativity enabler! And with my rigorous academic background and professional experience in data science, leading me to have a naturally intuitive understanding of the inner workings of AI models, I see the future of music to be brighter than ever! Recently, I came across the first AI music radio, Flair AI, and I loved it! This is definitely part of the future of music, and I think it’s beautiful! I hope to have some of my songs aired on their station someday!

As I’ve been in this business operationalization phase, one of the things I’ve been really excited about is AI agents! I’m building my own agentic workflows, which will allow me to scale my business to the next level over and over again! One of the things I’m really excited about is building an agentic workflow to help me bridge the gap between traditionally-generated and AI-generated music!

Recently, I announced my professional debut album, “I Never Asked To Be Queer”! So far, what I’ve released has been generated by AI, and then edited by me. With each project, I have aimed and will continue to both aim and achieve some sort of improvement in the quality of what I release! Now that I’ve gotten to my 3rd out of 4 demo EPs, I’ve gotten to the point of including basic mixing and mastering in my editing process! Part of what makes “I Never Asked To Be Queer” my professional debut, as opposed to another demo, is the fact that I have determined that part of the rollout will be the successful blending of AI-generated and traditionally-generated music!

Obviously the theme of the album is about my experience of realizing that I was different from most of the people I grew up around, and how it led to so much judgement from the people and communities that I thought loved me. And what makes this particularly painful for me is that these people and communities were Christian. Honestly, I thought Christianity was pretty simple, and that’s exactly what the church I grew up in taught too!

All you had to do if you wanted to be a Christian was confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead. The only unforgivable sin was to blaspheme the Holy Spirit, and even that was so bad it was almost silly. It meant that you had to consciously decide in your core, so deeply that you would never change your mind, that the Holy Spirit was useless. The reason why was because if you weren’t willing to listen to the voice of the Holy Spirit, that you would have no way to hear what was said to you and therefore respond to it. And the most important commandments came directly from Jesus. You had to love God, and you had to love your neighbors, and anyone in need was your potential neighbor.

But when I came out as queer to the church where I was playing in their worship band, it was a problem for them. And sure, being queer was bad, or so that’s what I was taught, but it certainly wasn’t the unforgivable sin if it were a sin. And this type of experience has happened to so many people.

And what makes this even worse, it’s this modern environment we’re in. It’s not safe to be queer in the United States right now. And that’s a shame, because I was taught that The United States of America was the best country in the world, and I really believed it! The ideas of freedom, liberty, protecting your rights - I was sold!

Something else that might be clear by now about me is that I am highly ambitious. One of the things my mother said to me which I cherish dearly is that I am the most intelligent person she has ever met, and that I am highly determined to get what I want, and I am successful at doing so. That’s why my “Next Claim” is so bold. I was taught that it’s better to set a high goal and only partially achieve it than it is to set a low goal and not achieve your full potential.

One of my ambitions is to become the first openly queer artist to land a contract with Reach Records. For me, the Reach Records mission has always inspired me. I was taught growing up that most Christian music wasn’t really “Christian”. But not Reach Records. Not only was this good music, evidence that “Christian music doesn’t suck anymore”, but it was also full of hard-hitting songs with powerful Christian messages. And their logo was proof - Romans 1:16. Come on!

To be truly unashamed of the gospel of Christ was what I always wanted. That’s the whole point of Christianity anyway, right? To share the good news? And I knew that wasn’t me. But not anymore. Now, that’s all that could matter to me. It’s what drives me to get up in the morning. It’s what consoles me when I’m mourning, and leads me through my sufferings. And it didn’t happen until after I chose my name.

“The maker is my husband” is my name. And it comes straight from the Bible. And how do Christians respond? Let’s just say the haters are real. I want to make the best music I can possibly make, and Reach Records has been on top of the game, so what better business partner could I have with that goal?

So, let me tell you. When Reach signed Anike, then Wande, I was beyond psyched! Their first female artist! And that debut single was definitely great stuff! She was hitting it off right out the gate! And then her resume started stacking up real nice. When she got playlisted by Michelle Obama, I was thrilled! And the subsequent remix song - beautiful! And now, to be known as the first female Christian hip hop artist with major commercial success, that’s incredible! Reach is definitely accomplishing their goal of reaching.

Sometime after I had chosen my name, she announced her chosen name. When I heard why she did this, I was blessed. Someone else chose their name because they wanted it to reflect something deep about who they were and their connection to God! I thought, how nice would it be to talk about this with her one day? What a great way to talk to someone with some clout and have them hear a perspective like mine!

I don’t think the church has to cause so many problems for people like me. We are intelligent  enough, as a species, and empathetic enough, as Christians, that there is no reason we can’t work out our differences. Whether or not a Christian wants to call being queer, or in particular with my case, let’s not forget transgender, a sin, that’s each individual’s own business. Whether or not it’s ok to discriminate against someone for any reason whatsoever by treating them differently and less than, whether consciously or subconsciously, is not Christlike behavior.

I need the church to get behind protecting queer people, and any and all marginalized groups, actively. I am a human being, made in the image of God. I am a fellow Christian, seeking to live out the calling God has given. And I am also the target of vicious attacks. So it scares me to think that even Christians think of me as so mentally ill that I don’t even deserve my basic human rights. My medical provider has deemed my gender affirming care as life-saving. And I can honestly say my life has drastically improved throughout the course of my treatment.

It took me responding to one conservative Christian pastor’s Facebook post, and interacting with the comments with only edifying speech for one day, to get “God told Christians to kill men like you”. The church should be condemning that behavior, but instead they are silent on the topic. It’s time to change that.

And whether or not I “win” this remix challenge, which would be a massive opportunity for me and my business, I hope more than all that Anike will take the time to read this, reflect deeply on it, and consider having a conversation with me.

That’s really why I’m doing this remix challenge. When I saw it, I was initially excited, but then I thought I am way too busy and don’t have the time to waste on that right now. I need to get the business up and running, and I am not keeping up the pace I want.

But God knew I wanted to enter anyway, and then it hit me. My verse was going to be my prayer for the church in this time to rise up and fulfill its calling to bring God’s will, on earth, as it is in heaven - without suffering and pain. That sounds an awful lot like global peace to me. So church, what do you say, want to help me make my “Next Claim” a reality?

## Assets

**Cover Image:** send-that.jpg
**Other Images:** in-love-and-unity.jpg
**Videos:** https://youtu.be/jUbhACa1aFY?si=gX6P3iiwZFwpBWkb
**Publish Date**: 20250205

---
*That's it! The Claude API agent will generate everything else automatically.*